Frontend translation to portuguese (#32)
ZXVentures/code-challenge: frontend-mobile.md

## About the Challenge 

> We're using GraphQL here(give a look to https://www.graphql.com/guides/), so that's gonna be the way you're going to receive the data (sounds good, right?).

Reviewer: Faltou um espacinho nas duas línguas antes do `(`
```suggestion
We're using GraphQL here (give a look to https://www.graphql.com/guides/), so that's gonna be the way you're going to receive the data (sounds good, right?).
```

> We're using GraphQL here (give a look to https://www.graphql.com/guides/), so that's gonna be the way you're going to receive the data (sounds good, right?).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We're using GraphQL here (take a look at https://www.graphql.com/guides/), so that's gonna be the way you're going to receive the data (sounds good, right?).
```

- **Code and Folder Structure**
- **Componentization and data flow**
- **Easy to understand code (again, no need for fancy stuff)**

> - **TESTS**

Reviewer: **NICE**
